To find out which actors we need here in the recipe section let's go to recipe service and have a look
at the functions we have here.
We have one to set all recipes.
Death seems important.
Getting is not important that's just how we select slices of the state.
We don't need actions for that.
Then we can add a single recipe update one or deleter recipe.
So we should probably provide actions for all these well methods here which don't just fetch data.
So create a new fall in the store folder.
The recipe actions Dotty's fall and here I'll start by creating some constants again.
The first one is set underscore recipe's which holds a value of sets recipes as well as a value just
the string of said recipes.
Then I'll also have a constant which is add recipe add recipe as a string values.
These are again all just unique identifiers so that we can uniquely well identify each action which
gets dispatched.
We will also have the update recipe action update recipe and we all have the delete recipe action delete
recipe and we'll see if we'll need more later.
For now I want wanna go up and also import D actions though import action from at Angi our X store because
of course I want to create my classes again so the force the first class export is set recipe's it implements
action of course and therefore it will have a read only type which is set recipe's so that it has its
unique identifier assigned and that I want to add a constructor.
Because this of course requires a payload public payload.
Because as you can see in a service we of course get the recipes we want to set as an argument so payload
will be of time recipe aere and for that to work you need to import the recipe model from your recipe
model of file at the top of this file.
So that's the first class.
The next one is at.
Recipe will also implement an action and therefore has to read only type property where we assigned
a unique identifier and then we also need the constructor dare because we'll get a payload here too.
A single recipe we want to add.
Of course not an array.
The next ISDE update weps export class update recipe class where we all implement an action Nabulsi
will later fetch the index of d to be updated recipe differently.
For now I will set this up to have a read only type which is of course update recipe and to then have
a constructor where we do have a payload which is a javascript object.
Well we for one get the index of the recipe we want to update as well as the new ingredient or that
excuse me the new recipe.
So updated recipe maybe should also be there and it's just of type recipe.
And finally we want to be able to delete recipes so the late recipe will also implement action.
And here we have a read only type as well.
Delete recipe and we have a constructor where the payload of just is just a number.
Because just the index of the element we want to delete.
These are the actions for now.
Of course you might change this later and I will export a type here which will name recipe actions which
is just a bundle basically of all these types with the union type operator in between so that it can
hold any of these types.
So add recipe or update recipe.
Or finally delete recipe like that.
So with that we get the base actions set up.
Now let's go back to the producers and work on those.